Annecy wants with a very interesting one not the one of the subway
3d-display that is of course the reason Optimus 3d exactly below
to take a magnifying glass
who thinks now once on the Optimus 3d also runs logically in 3d of the IRT
agrees with the menus such as the gallery is back on games
kept in 3d
They can activate them via a special 30 Dobbs or they go completely
normal about living
how does the 3d effect overlay the 4 4 ​​3 inch touchscreen
a third layer can be activated in 3d mode
she makes sure that different pictures are sent to her eyes
the quintet put his pictures together in a 3d-image
especially a so Schmidt the 3d effect of course in Spirent there are some
Games that are already preinstalled
and of course synonymous with videos to record videos in 3d is theirs
a double 5 megapixel camera available
With a push of a button you can also have your 3d videos on those good ones
Tradition in high places
otherwise the Optimus 3d has everything on the box it was a current measure of
has to have been there for example hangs since 2002 from 60 to 2 3
neither call the PEA a thicker 8 gigabytes of internal memory and and and
If you want to get the phone in the second quarter, you have to dig deep into your pocket
grab 599 euros RRP Annecy for our conclusion after the first tests that
3d-gaming is quite an interesting innovation, however, we felt
after ten minutes, a certain eye pressure
That raises the question for us: "Do we really want one?
Watch one-and-a-half-hour 3D movie on this mobile phone display
matter of opinion
but who now make the recordings of his favorite three
he wants to be well advised with this phone